README.md, before:

# Z∞ Calendar

Z∞ (Z-Infinity) is an innovative, zoomable circular calendar implementation. It provides a unique way to visualize and interact with calendar data, allowing users to seamlessly zoom from year view down to hour view.

## Features

- Circular calendar visualization
- Zoomable interface from year to hour view
- Smooth animations between zoom levels
- Event display across all zoom levels
- Keyboard and mouse controls for easy navigation

## Getting Started

### Prerequisites

- Modern web browser

### Installation

1. Clone the repository:
   ```
   git clone https://github.com/BjornKennethHolmstrom/z-infinity-calendar.git
   cd z-infinity-calendar
   ```
2. Open `index.html` in your web browser.

## Usage

- Click on a segment to zoom in (year → month → week → day → hour)
- Press 'Esc' key to zoom out
- Use the 'z' key to zoom in and 'x' key to zoom out
- Use the mouse wheel to zoom in and out

## Development

The main calendar logic is contained in `ZInfinityCalendar.js` and `CalendarRenderer.js`. To modify or extend the calendar functionality, edit these files.

## Future Enhancements

- Event creation, editing and deletion
- Improved touch controls for mobile devices

## License

This project is licensed under the Z∞ Software License - see the [LICENSE](LICENSE) file for details.

## Contact

Björn Kenneth Holmström - bjorn.kenneth.holmstrom@gmail.com

Project Link: [https://github.com/BjornKennethHolmstrom/z-infinity-calendar](https://github.com/BjornKennethHolmstrom/z-infinity-calendar)

Commit message:

ersion 0.2.0: Major refactor to SVG and improved calendar logic
- Refactored rendering from canvas to SVG for better performance and scalability
- Improved date handling and transitions between zoom levels
- Corrected week calculation to consistently start on Monday
- Fixed numerous rendering and interaction issues
- Improved touch event handling for mobile devices
- Moved all canvas-related files to legacy folder for reference
- Updated README and CHANGELOG to reflect new features and changes

Legacy files moved:
- ZInfinityCalendar.js -> legacy/ZInfinityCalendar.js
- CalendarRenderer.js -> legacy/CalendarRenderer.js
- EventManager.js -> legacy/EventManager.js
- index.html -> legacy/index.html
New SVG-based files moved to replace original
- ZInfinityCalendar-svg.js -> ZInfinityCalendar.js
- CalendarRenderer-svg.js -> CalendarRenderer.js
- EventManager-svg.js -> EventManager.js
- index-svg.html -> index.html

This commit represents a significant milestone in the project's development,
transitioning from canvas to SVG and resolving many core functionality issues.

README.md, after:

# Z∞ Calendar

Z∞ (Z-Infinity) is an innovative, zoomable circular calendar implementation. It provides a unique way to visualize and interact with calendar data, allowing users to seamlessly zoom from year view down to hour view.

## Features

### Current
- Circular calendar visualization
- Zoomable interface from year to hour view
- Keyboard and mouse controls for easy navigation
- SVG-based rendering for improved performance and scalability
- Consistent week calculation starting on Monday

### Upcoming

- Event display across all zoom levels
- Event CRUD operations
- Linkable editing (drag and drop) of event borders
- Drag and drop of events
- Smooth animations between zoom levels

## Getting Started

### Prerequisites

- Modern web browser

### Installation

1. Clone the repository:
   ```
   git clone https://github.com/BjornKennethHolmstrom/z-infinity-calendar.git
   cd z-infinity-calendar
   ```
2. Open `index.html` in your web browser.

## Usage

- Hover over segments to highlight them
- Click on a segment to zoom in (year → month → week → day → hour)
- Press 'Esc' key to zoom out
- Use the 'z' key to zoom in and 'x' key to zoom out
- Use the mouse wheel to zoom in and out

## Development

The main calendar logic is contained in `ZInfinityCalendar.js` and `CalendarRenderer.js`. To modify or extend the calendar functionality, edit these files.

## Future Enhancements

- Event creation, editing and deletion
- Improved touch controls for mobile devices

## License

This project is licensed under the Z∞ Software License - see the [LICENSE](LICENSE) file for details.

## Contact

Björn Kenneth Holmström - bjorn.kenneth.holmstrom@gmail.com

Project Link: [https://github.com/BjornKennethHolmstrom/z-infinity-calendar](https://github.com/BjornKennethHolmstrom/z-infinity-calendar)
